{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scott Wang is an aspiring student of software development and web design.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa200
\cf0 With roots in Shanghai and Toronto, Scott completed his Bachelor\'92s of Arts across three separate institutions. After spending a year at McGill University in Montr\'e9al, Qu\'e9bec, Scott transferred to Deep Springs College, a two-year liberal arts school in the California High Desert that incorporates significant elements of manual labor and student self-governance into its curriculum. At Deep Springs, Scott learned the inner workings of farm and ranch life through the labor program, and also of college administration through the self-governance program. Scott chaired the Deep Springs Curriculum Committee, which directs academics, course selection, faculty hiring and review. \
After Deep Springs, Scott attended Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island, where he studied political theory under Professor John Tomasi. Scott graduated from Brown with an AB in Political Science in 2014. Scott has completed business development internships in Toronto (Ontario Centres of Excellence), San Francisco (Carlson Beck), Washington, D.C. (Wellford Energy Group), and Mumbai (NRB Bearings).\
Scott discovered a passion for software development and web design while studying at Brown University and the Rhode Island School of Design. He is a self-taught coder, and is always seeking new opportunities to grow and learn in the field.
\f1 \
}